Case name: ChangeResidenceAltroComune
Participating actors: Started by Citizen, continued by Employee
Flow of events
1. The Citizen presses the Change of Residence button.
2. The system shows the citizen the form to fill out.
3. The citizen enters the data of his new home.
4. The system notifies the citizen of the correct sending of the request and it is memorized.
5. The employee accesses the system and displays the request received.
6. The employee checks the data, fills the document with the rest of the data to be entered and confirms the operation. 
7. The system saves the form and updates the data.
8. The employee sends a document with the request made by the citizen to the employee of the other municipality.
9. The employee of the other municipality checks the document and sends a positive notification to the other employee and a notification to the citizen.
Entry condition:
The Citizen is authenticated in the system.
Exit conditions:
The System creates the document to be delivered to the competent office, OR
In case the service is not available the use case is recalled Service Not Available.
Quality requirements:
The common name new residence string can f2 contain characters [a..z A..Z 'e0 e9 e8 ec and f2 f9. ] and the string must be non-empty.
The address string can f2 contain characters [a..z A..Z 'e0 e9 e8 ec and f2 f9,. ] and the string must be non-empty.
The street number string can f2 contain characters [0..9 A..Z] and the string must be less than 5 characters long.
The telephone prefix string can f2 contain only numeric characters and must be between 2 and 5 digits.
The telephone number string can only contain numeric characters and must be between 5 and 8 digits.
The string surname familiar component can f2 include characters [a..z A..Z] and have a maximum length of 30 characters and not empty.
The string name of family member can f2 include characters [a..z A..Z] and have a maximum length of 30 characters and not empty.
The string birth place comp familiar can contain f2 characters [a..z A..Z] and must be at least one character long.
The string given birth comp family must be an existing date and must have a numeric dd / mm / yyyy format (days 1 to 31, 1 to 12 mm, aaaa from 1900 to today).
The requesting code string outside the municipality must consist of XXnnnnnnn (X = letter n = number) and must be 9 characters long.
